so you enters self-help self-improvement
always every day every day you can
improve a little bit more god I hope so
okay you don't get to Gary's you don't
go for therapies and things well I have
been therapy hmm um no I don't have any
gurus I've been studying metaphysics for
25 years and I have a friend who teaches
metaphysics but I wouldn't call the Guru
so how does a study of metaphysics
affect your or when you wake up in the
morning and your day well I have to
remember do you know I mean I'd even
I've been added 25 years I forget to
practice it huh but it's it's about
creating a reality mm-hmm it takes all
blame away from everybody else yeah it's
so easy to beat up your parents and
blame people for your lot in life and
it's whoa least I think so but then you
put it on yourself Julie yeah you put it
on yourself cuz you can fix it if you
put it on somebody else I can't fix them
and you can't change them and you can't
fix them but if you put it on yourself
you can fix that you could change that
is there any kind of focus on a gold and
you'll yes I believe in the concept of
god goddess all it is I believe in a God
I believe in a concept of a god and
goddess always but is much larger now
what I believe now is it's much larger
than I was taught when I went to school
you brought up a cat lady but had a hole
in gently Catholic Rome and convent
schools Roman Catholic upbringing Jesuit
University I was there I've done it and
you believed what you were being taught
you well I'm joking half by the time i
got jesuit university you know but
rocher is a child I believed it and
and it gave me a foundation I think it
gave me something solid to believe in so
I wouldn't be afraid to her children are
is it quite important for your mother to
bring your pear a kathy yes my mother
was very very devout both my parents
were a daily communicant went to Mass in
communion every day that's amazing I
they were divorced but they did this
separately but then it was just too
restrictive and I had a hard time
believing in a God who had people burn
in hell yeah I just I'm sorry I can't do
it you know I don't kinda believe that
such a person who would do that so I
just leaving something bigger and kinder
so did you knows my name what do you
mean well we're taught that we have a
higher self if you believe in
reincarnation which I don't but I do um
it's a part of you that ghost is always
there no matter what form you take right
it's it's it's it it's a much a higher
spiritual part of you that always
follows you no matter which lifetime you
choose you're quite an independent lady
aren't you I am barneys at home I'm
looking after themselves the secret to
our success is it really i think so and
think your toesies of our marriages but
we don't see each other a lot yeah and
will reduce each other we have a
wonderful time we communicate all the
time but my work takes me to Canada
eight months out of the year right I
mean we obviously spent holidays
together and I fly there when I can but
I'm just married to a really
understanding swell guy he sounds
gorgeous now let's explain bonnie was
the chrony was my boss I married the
boss you're not allowed to do math I did
I did he p.m. he was the creator kk
nighty and we first met I didn't like
him when not when I Harris yeah I have
lunch with him at Musso and Frank's my
manager went with me said you must I
said I don't want to do this series she
say at least paid this man the
courtesies approached you three times
we stay the course of having lunch
didn't let him talk to you when they
much was over my manager said doubt in
the lobby she said they're out in the
parking lot so what do you think I
thought I want to do it and she said you
know sweet pea I really think that we
should think about this one as you said
I didn't have to do it all I do that
with all I had lose I'm lunch with them
you spoiled brat right Jenna and she
said I know I said that but I just think
it's something we should discuss I so I
don't like the guy with the beard that
was Barney hello changed Oh respect he
is clearly the finest producer for drama
television that there ever was and there
ever is there just isn't anybody better
especially for women you waited for him
a long time didn't hear you waited to
meet him a long time yes I didn't plan
on meeting him I I had never wanted to
get married I had never seen a good
marriage my parents were divorced both
sets of grandparents were divorced right
yeah and I just and I had just seen a
lot of funny business around marriage so
marriage to you men didn't wanna eat it
yeah do not need it and I thought having
children eventually realized wasn't for
me because I was still trying to raise
myself you know he saw this was part of
my charm but I just couldn't see myself
having there was awesome awesome
responsibility of raising a human being
really yeah I just couldn't it was just
overwhelming to me I knew that I was
immature and that I raising myself with
a full-time job so I let that go so
there's no reason to get married what's
what's coming next so don't mean work
what's what's happening I don't know I
just feel I just feel something opening
up that's totally knew that circus a new
time in my life that I have to take this
age and make it apply to this world and
the last ten years I didn't know how to
quite take this age and make it work i
still feel young you know still young
look at you you look now thank you do
you think that your happiness is quite
dictated to by work i mean if you're in
a good role are you more happy than you
know yes my happiness is in my work and
in my family I'm happy both places
surrounded by work and surrender but my
family a look I love that too yeah
what's your ideal rodas I roll you
haven't played yet no I used to joke and
say yes the life story of Ella
Fitzgerald look but I you know and there
isn't I there's no role that I'm longing
to play I I long to read a good script
that will excite me yeah that's all we
were talking earlier about Shirley
Valentine that kind of role oh I love
Chile Valentine yeah and I'd love to
create a roll like that that you know
because that Pauline Collins was across
brilliant brilliant in it I met her Tom
Conte's house I was so nervous I said
it's so nice to meet you surely know
this is I do get starstruck and I just
thought she was so brilliant so well I
have to be very careful this morning not
to say Christine it's so vitally and I
didn't and I'm very proud of myself but
uh trying glass thank you so much for
talking to us
real pleasure to meet you thank you